well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about more
people taking a walk
distancing themselves from trump not
wanting to be the
last one standing when the music stops
and today we're going to talk about a
pretty big name doing it
pat robertson pat robertson made a
statement
and i was pretty pointed he said that
trump lived in his own reality
that he said things that weren't true
but hey you know trump believes they're
true
and that he should retire he should
retire and not run again
and that his claims about biden
well they really haven't come to
fruition
now the immediate takeaway from this is
that trump is going to
lose support from evangelicals and yeah
that's true
but that's going to take time that is
going to take time
they're conservative conservative people
are slow to
change i think there is a much bigger
observation that can be made
when you talk about pat robertson you
have to talk about him as if he is two
different people
because he has two different sides
there is the evangelical leader
the commentary that he is known for
there's that side to him and then there
is the political machine
that has been active on the national
scene for decades
to date him a little bit my
understanding is that he was
somebody who raised funds for our
friends in nicaragua
and by our friends i mean think back to
like oliver north's time
he's been around a very long time he is
very well connected he knows how the
game is played
it's also worth noting
that the political side of pat robertson
well he's kind of known for supporting
policies and
candidates that may be a bit more
progressive
while still very conservative than you
might imagine
this is a man who supports treatment
over locking people up
this is a person who endorsed
candidates who let's just say had a more
progressive view on women's health
or people's orientations he endorsed one
of them for president
that person being rudy giuliani i do not
think that it is a coincidence that we
have reports of a quarrel
between giuliani and trump and then
shortly thereafter robertson pulls his
support
robertson knows how the game is played
it's it's worth noting
that his uh
his long career and politics
has been pretty successful
and that's because he's always been able
to tell which way the winds are blowing
he is somebody who has transitioned
from being the party in power to being
the party out of power
before and it appears that he's setting
himself up to do that again
i think that we are going to see a whole
lot
of establishment republicans people who
have been around a while
who know how the game is played begin to
publicly distance themselves
from trump and to call him out in the
process
because while people on this channel
people who watch this channel or
channels like this
they're going to remember everybody who
enabled trump
the average voter they're just going to
remember the last few who were there
and if you look you are seeing
a lot of the political mainstays
take a walk those who are remaining
loyal and vocal
well they're kind of new to the game
they may not really understand what's
happening
i think that's more important because
the more of
the real power brokers both
politicians and political influencers
who kind of cut trump loose
the harder it is for him to carry on
his offensive against reality
i would expect to see more of this
i personally do not believe that
coming clean at this point in the game
really means much
however it should be
noted just for the sake of it's going to
be easier
as his support dwindles it will also
be easier to get the more
committed of his loyalists
gone because once all of the
the real power brokers have left and
it's
just the new people they're going to be
on their own come election time
and it's going to be easier to get them
out and
those are going to be people who do not
have another view of
the political system they may only know
what government was like under trump and
those are
people who it is going to be important
to have leave public office
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day